/* ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- */
/* README */

A Light-weight Multi-tasking Executive (LMX) is implemented by the system calls
defined in the files "task.c" and "task.h".  A companion 1kHz 32 bit system
clock is also provided in the files "sysclock.c" and sysclock.h".

The definitions and files in this directory are intended to aid in the porting of
the executive to different processor hardware architectures. The files are:

task.c		The executive itself.
task.h		Definitions for task.c

sysclock.c	A companion 1kHz 32bit system clock for millisecond timing and delays.
sysclock.h	Definitions for sysclock.c

log.c		Vectors for system and error logging.
log.h		Macros for system and error logging.

68332		Subdirectory with Machine-dependent macros for Motorola 68332 processor
arm		Subdirectory with Machine-dependent macros for ARM processor
avr		Subdirectory with Machine-dependent macros for AVR processor

demo		Subdirectory with demo code.
doc		Subdirectory with some system documentation.

makefile.M68K	makefile for M68332 processor
makefile.ARM	makefile for ARM processor
makefile.AVR	makefile for AVR processor.

The system user documentation is in "doc/README-LMX.txt".  

System porting information is in "doc/README-machine.txt" which explains the multi-tasking
method and the machine-dependent parts of the executive.

The task and sysclock code in this directory is normally compiled into object
code and the library "libtask.a" is built.  Access to the code in that library
is available through including the header files task.h, sysclock.h and log.h
in the application program, and linking to the libtask.a library at compile time.

To compile for M68K, ARM, or AVR on a linux system:

	1.	Edit the MACHINE definition in "task.h" to select the appropriate architecture.
	2.	Copy makefile.M68K, makefile.AVR, or makefile.ARM to makefile.
	3.	type "make"

Note that the makefile compiles with the gcc -Os optimizer flags.  Other combinations not tested.

28 Aug 2015
dpa

